_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>StemSynergy Therapeutics INC </a>. Franklin, TN.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  --address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi There. My first test text. Lets change. we have changes...........

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

modified cv and about pages .

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  --address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a computational scientist working on the interface of 
cheminformatics/structural-biology and data science. I truly believe the future is data.
Levereging data centric approach and employing the recent trends in the field like generative modeling, geometric deep learning, 
large language models etc will keep us moving forward in achieving our goals and ultimately help the society and its citizens through science.

With this objective in mind, I look forward to work in this direction and utilize these application in my day to day work. I am excited 
to see what the future brings.

If you are interested or would like to connect with me, please reach out to me via my social media account (LinkedIn) or email me.
